hey guys got a teak here and this is the
patch 2.4 pts this video we're gonna
take a look at the planet work on how to
get there and the gear that's available
under vendors so you can get there one
of two ways the first time you go there
you have to go through the galaxy map it
doesn't look like they activate the
mission terminal thing that's on fleet
until you actually go there once so it's
up here in like the SIP area where they
period fleet is it's off the map totally
and here it is surah con I had to look
in like six different times to figure
out exactly where it was so so you know
here's plan Oricon it's pretty cool as
this nice flavor text here like all the
other planets and it costs two thousand
six hundred credits to go there Horicon
has this very nice splash screen here I
would definitely like this as a
background or something this is a really
nice picture
although the something about it like
looks a little fuzzy to me but other
than that I think this is a awesome
splash screen
this is the patch just came out today
there are several bugs so I won't be
doing any of the quests but we can take
a look the gear that we have here we
have the dread host see right there
yellow kind of seems a little out of
place to me but the helmet kind of looks
like the I think this is the arcane
Ian's helmet but it looks a little
sharper with the black face yeah not the
greatest-looking gear and that is for
friend
next up the hallowed gothic we will look
at here which is the one you may have
seen already a lot of people are making
fun of this set because of the stupid
headpiece continuing on and they've long
line of SWTOR stupid head pieces so look
at this spin around it's been the other
one let's take a look at the the better
looking set just so you can take a look
at the one you might actually want to
wear that's the big old backpack there
and there's also a schematic for they
dye the black and deep red dye that's
what it looks like on that set I'll let
you see it on my face set here so that
is a pretty nice dye module that's
available for crafters for artifice
which is nice because artifice
definitely needs something you need
Tramp e'en in order to get that for the
holo gothic you need to be champion and
that looks like all there is for this
reputation appreciate your business when
they make the quests available I'll
definitely take a look at those I will
also do some arena videos
I haven't had a tough time lately so
that's kind of hidden getting my way but
I will definitely make some morena
videos so you can check those out and
your free time there's a speeder here so
I'm gonna click it and I can't take it
all right never mind all right hope you
enjoyed this video I'll see you next
time